success means being happy, not how much money you have, This is one big game of happiness, but are you patient enough and are you secure and have enough self esteem to go through the process of eating the fucking dirt to get to a place of happiness? Success. My friends needs to stop being talked about how much money you have, it needs to be talked about how many fucking smiles you put on your face. If you spend money on shit, you don't need, you're gonna lose. If You buy those things to impress other people you've already lost. I believe that 98 of the people by too much dumb shit, people end up buying cars and houses and close that they can't afford to impress people that they don't even like is the great epidemic in our society. If you're not like loving life before you try to figure out the hook or the secret before you think about that, go home and look at your fucking credit card building and stop buying dumb shit, because when you don't buy dumb shit, that money stays in the fucking bank and you can do something with your fucking life. We have a ridiculous opportunity. You just need to see it. Please try to build a business around the thing that you would do if you weren't getting paid for it, because it's the only thing that you're going to work hard enough that because you actually like it, almost everybody fails because of their intentions. They start businesses for themselves. Everything that runs through their mind is what's in it for me? How do I maximize my problem? What's it going to be like for me? How is it going to be good for me? The only way to succeed in the world we live in is to actually be consumer central. The siough that because you actually like it, almost everybody fails because of their intentions. They start businesses for themselves. Everything that runs through their mind is what's in it for me? How do I maximize my problem? What's it going to be like for me? How is it going to be good for me? The only way to succeed in the world we live in is to actually be consumer central. The singular reason that my content has worked. Whether it was wine for the first six years of my career or it's been business over the last eight years has worked, is because before I post any piece of content in my mind, I think about how is this going to doubt that? How is the signal piece of content going to bring any value to you? It's a piece of content that I hope brings you value, which that creates a relationship with us the period, take a step back and understand what you're doing with yourself. What makes you happy? Are you trying to be rich because you want to stick it to your parents or everybody else that said you couldn't? Or are you trying to do something cause you actually like it? Are you trying to be rich because you want to go buy shit to create a perception that you're happy? Or do you actually want to